To ensure the success of your business you've got to be aware of how to receive payments.
This is going to be one of the most important things.
So for example to receive payments in your store you will need an ominous store of course and that's
where you will need at least one payment gateway.
In this case could be Pay-Pal stripe or there are several options available.
You will need also a medical account and a bank account where you are going to withdraw their money
from these payment gateways.
So they own the store.
This will allow the visitors to have products into the shopping cart
allow visitors to submit payments for that items in the shopping cart with credit card or another payment
gateway payment gateway will check that the user has founts before performing the purchase some options
are paid by the stripe.
I mustn't pay Apple pay or pay you.
This isn't really important because almost all of them will charge some fees or commissions.
Double check these before selecting a payment gateway and select one that suits your needs and when
and where you feel comfortable with the fees that they are going to charge.
Payment methods or options depending on the payment method that you want to set.
Is the coffee ration that you should perform in the payment methods.
So for example we have Paypal we have a strike.
We have convenience stores and we are also bank transfers and cash and the liberi you can either one
or two or all the payment methods that you want at the end of the check process.
The user will choose the most suitable option for them.
Other considerations are if you want to receive a recurring payment that say that you want to charge
monthly or every three months or yearly You have to check that the payment gateway that you say to use
supports this.
And so if one neighbor reference you should check if their payment gateway support these features.
Not all of them support both of these considerations that are showing so to enable the payment gateway
in combers Paypal Express is 70 billion on commerce stripe is free to at least apply in some platforms
are really Kapleau to receive payments with all comers.
And some others doesn't support all comers.
And you have to pay a developer for the plugin or you can create your own.